+++
date = 2017-09-30T00:00:00  # Schedule page publish date.

title = "How Global Scale Academic Research Network helps Crypto-Economics Research"
time_start = 2017-10-03T14:40:00
time_end = 2017-10-03T15:00:00
abstract = "Cryptocurrency and resulting crypto-economics collect much atten- tion because it can be a basis of future economics and human activities. The soundness of crypto-economics is based not only on mathematics and cryptography, but also on human behavior and game-theoretical considerations. This research is analyzing human behavior though monitoring network traffic at the time of potential fork of Bitcoin net- work and aim to build a dataset of analysis and provide foundation of further crypto-economics research. The monitoring is now conducted by four universities out of 23 universities of BSafe.network. Our talk consists of goal of monitoring, monitoring environment, current status and analysis and future works."
abstract_short = ""
event = "Crypto Economics Security Conference 2017"
event_url = "http://cesc.io"
location = "Berkeley, CA, United States"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project #file in ``.
#projects = [""]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
