+++
title = "Relation among the Security Models for RFID Authentication Protocol"
date = "2011-11-28"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Daisuke Moriyama", "Shin'ichiro Matsuo","Miyako Ohkubo"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In Proceedings of ECRYPT Workshop on Lightweight Cryptography,2011"
publication_short = ""

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In this paper, we present the relationship between the pri- vacy definition for Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) authentication protocol. The security model is necessary to ensure the security or pri- vacy, but many researchers describe different privacy notion for RFID authentication and the technical relationship among them is unclear. We reconsider the zero-knowledge privacy proposed by Deng et al. in ESORICS 2010 and show that this privacy is equivalent to the indis- tinguishability based privacy proposed by Juels and Weis. Furthermore, we present that these privacy definitions are technically weaker than the simulation based privacy proposed by Paise and Vaudenay in AsiaCCS 2008."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#projects = ["deep-learning"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++