+++
title = "Prototyping Platform for Performance Evaluation of SHA-3 Candidates"
date = "2010-06-13"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Kazuyuki Kobayashi", "Jun Ikegami", "Kazuo Sakiyama", "Kazuo Ohta", "Miroslav Knezevic", "Unal Kocabas", "Junfeng Fan", "Ingrid Verbauwhede","Eric Xu Guo", "Shin'ichiro Matsuo", "Sinan Huang", "Leyla Nazhandali" ,"Akashi Satoh"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "2010 IEEE International Symposium on Hardware-Oriented Security and Trust (HOST)"
publication_short = ""

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "The objective of the SHA-3 NIST competition is to select, among multiple competing candidates, a standard algo- rithm for cryptographic hashing. The selected winner will need to have adequate cryptographic properties and good implementa- tion characteristics over a wide range of target platforms includ- ing both software and hardware. The performance evaluation in hardware is particularly challenging because of the large design space, the wide range of target technologies and the multitude of optimization criteria. In this contribution we describe the efforts of three research groups to evaluate SHA-3 candidates using a common prototyping platform. Using a SASEBO-GII FPGA board as a starting point, we evaluate the performance of the 14 remaining SHA-3 candidates with respect to area, throughput and power consumption. Our approach defines a standard testing harness for SHA-3 candidates, including the interface specification for the SHA-3 module on the SASEBO testing board."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#projects = ["deep-learning"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++