+++
title = "A Non-repudiable Negotiation Protocol for Security Service Level Agreements."
date = "2014-10-05"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Joona Kannisto","Takeshi Takahashi","Jarmo Harju","Seppo Heikkinen"," Marko Helenius","Shin’ichiro Matsuo","Bilhanan Silverajan"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = " International Journal of Communication Systems"
publication_short = ""

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Security service level agreements (SSLAs) provide a systematic way for end users at home or in the office to guarantee sufficient security level when doing business or exchanging sensitive personal or organizational data with an online service. In this paper, we propose an SSLA negotiation protocol that implements non-repudiation with cryptographic identities and digital signatures and includes features that make it resistant to denial of service attacks. The basic version of the protocol does not rely on the use of a trusted third party, and it can be used for all kinds of simple negotiations. For the negotiation about SSLAs, the protocol provides an option to use an external knowledge base that may help the user in the selection of suitable security measures. We have implemented a prototype of the system, which uses JSON Web Signature for the message exchange and made some performance tests with it. The results show that the computational effort required by the cryptographic operations of the negotiation protocol remains at a reasonable level."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#projects = ["deep-learning"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++