+++
title = "Divisible Voting Scheme"
date = "2003-10-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Natsuki Ishida", "Shin'ichiro Matsuo", "Wakaha Ogata"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In Proceedings of Information Security Conference (ISC) 2003, Lecture Notes in Computer Science 2851, pp.137-150. Bristol, UK: Springer Verlag, 2003."
publication_short = ""

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Electronic voting is a prime application of cryptographic tools. Many researches are addressing election or confidence voting in this area. We address a new type of voting scheme Divisible Voting Scheme, in which each voter has multiple ballots where the number of ballots can be different among the voters. This type of voting is popular, however there is no secure protocol which achieves this type of voting. We first define the divisible voting scheme and show naive protocols based on existing voting schemes. Then we propose two efficient divisible vot- ing schemes. The first scheme uses multisets, the second scheme uses L-adic representation of number of ballots. The total cost for a voter is O(M^2 log(N)) in the first scheme and O(M log(N)) in the second scheme where M is the number of candidates to vote for and N is the number of ballots for a voter."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#projects = ["deep-learning"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++