+++
title = "A Method for Exchanging Valuable Data: How to Realize Matching Oblivious Transfer."
date = "2003-07-13"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Shin'ichiro Matsuo", "Wakaha Ogata"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In Proceedings of ACM Symposium on Principles of Distributed Computing (PODC) 2003, pp. 201. Boston USA: ACM, 2003."
publication_short = ""

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "This paper proposes a oblivious transfer protocol such that at only the case that some condition of two players hold, data comes from both sides are exchaged each other. This protocol is realazed broadcast channel like using satellite and exechange with consisdering condition. This protocol can be applied to market which exchaged digitalized value such as digitalized cash and digitalized stock, with hiding each players' privacy data like order price and amount of order."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#projects = ["deep-learning"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++